You are guilty of losing money
Sir, I am wronged
This case of Zuo Yuner being kidnapped
I didn't know.
This is clearly someone trying to frame me
Adult shut up
The kidnapping is conclusive
And argue with
You really don't dare to use it on you, okay?
Sir, I am really wronged.
They said they saw me kidnap Soyun'er
Who saw it with their own eyes?
Hey sir, look
This is clearly a false accusation
Hahaha wronged
There are some doubts about the kidnapping
But you set up a private court
Suspected of homicide
This is what I saw with my own eyes
Can this also be argued?
Somebody drag Sun Quan out
Weighs up to 20 boards
Don't you dare
My father is Shi Bu Shangshu
Veterans of the Three Dynasties
My little aunt is also Concubine Donggong Defei
You're just a newly appointed criminal officer
The book dares to punish me
I think you don't want to live anymore
If that came from your father
I would hesitate
You are just a stubborn child
Not even an official
How dare you threaten me?
Come
Sun Quan died
Court crime plus one
full
Dad